Added Popover example to DataTable filtering story (#16303)
carbon-design-system/carbon: packages/react/src/components/DataTable/DataTable.mdx

pass it to the `onChange` prop of `TableToolbarSearch` in your `TableToolbar`
component.

> ### Filtering with checkboxes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Multiple filters with batch updates
```

Just to match the section on the [website](https://carbondesignsystem.com/patterns/filtering/#multiple-filters-with-batch-updates)

> To provide you with more examples, we created a separate file as a template for
> you to implement a filter using checkboxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The filtering story shows an example of how to implement the [batch filtering](https://carbondesignsystem.com/patterns/filtering/#multiple-filters-with-batch-updates) pattern.
```

> To implement that in your code you first have to copy the
> [`TableToolbarFilter`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/blob/15339-datatable/packages/react/src/components/DataTable/stories/examples/TableToolbarFilter.tsx)
> component into your code. Then you just have to import inside the
> `TableToolbarContent` like that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement this in your own project you can copy the
[`TableToolbarFilter`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/blob/15339-datatable/packages/react/src/components/DataTable/stories/examples/TableToolbarFilter.tsx)
example component into your code. You can then import and use it inside `TableToolbarContent`:
```

```jsx
<TableToolbarFilter
  onApplyFilter={handleTableFilter}
  onResetFilter={handleOnResetFilter}
/>
```

> Now, in the same file where you have your DataTable with your data, you just
> need to write the code to handle the filters. You can use the code below as a
> template and then customize it as needed. Make sure to replace "YOUR_DATA" with
> the initial data you want to pass into the DataTable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can write the code to handle the filters in the same file where you have your DataTable with your data. Use the code below as a
template and then customize it as needed. Make sure to replace "YOUR_DATA" with
the initial data you want to pass into the DataTable.
```

```jsx
const [renderedRows, setRenderedRows] = useState(YOUR_DATA);

const handleTableFilter = (selectedCheckboxes) => {
  setRenderedRows([]);

  for (let i = 0; i < selectedCheckboxes.length; i++) {
    // Filter the items inside the rows list
    const filteredRows = YOUR_DATA.filter((row) => {
      return Object.values(row).some((value) =>
        String(value)
          .toLowerCase()
          .includes(selectedCheckboxes[i].toLowerCase())
      );
    });

    setRenderedRows((prevData) => {
      // Filter out duplicate rows
      const uniqueRows = filteredRows.filter((row) => {
        return !prevData.some((prevRow) => {
          return Object.keys(row).every((key) => {
            return row[key] === prevRow[key];
          });
        });
      });
      return [...prevData, ...uniqueRows];
    });
  }
};

const handleOnResetFilter = () => {
  setRenderedRows(rows);
};
```

> Finally pass in the Datatable props the value from the `useState`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, pass the array of rows from the `useState` into the DataTable.
```
